 wasn't aware it really had one…a bad reputation with regards to what specifically?

It's been called boring but doesn't Delaware take that prize? What about Kansas?

Crime rate in the major cities? Sure, Cleveland is statistically the “Serial Killer Capital of The Continental US” but crime overall? Nah, not really. That's specifically *serial killers* mind you, it doesn't account for the overall crime rate. The place with the highest crime rate is none other than Washington D.C. and California still beats us by a country mile as far as how many serial killers it has.

The weather? It's a mixed bag. No different than its neighboring states. Too hot? Wait a couple weeks. Too cold? Wait a couple more.

The people? They're friendly enough for the most part. Show me one place in the world where you don't find at least one genuine asshole in a group of 10.

Largely pro-Trump? Ehh…somewhat true but Ohio hardly deserves to be singled out for that. Look to coal country beyond our southeastern border for that distinction.

DUI incidents? Sorry, we don't even crack the top 10.

Murder rate? Try Alabama.

Human trafficking? California.

Kidnappings and missing persons cases? Again, not even in the top 10. Oregon, Arizona and Alaska kick our asses.

Air pollution? Weeeellll…hard to argue with Ohio's #2 spot there. Fair enough.

Water pollution? Indiana and Texas put us to shame….you were thinking Michigan, too huh?

Sex crimes? Oregon has the highest number of registered offenders per capita (what the fuck is going on in Oregon??)

Incest? Mississippi…although West Viginia and Alabama aren't exactly vehemently opposed to it.

Hate crimes? Alabama.

Opioid abuse? West Bah-Gawd Vuh-Geen-Yuh takes the #1 spot….buuuut we're right next door and at #2. So we're hardly blameless there. Ohioans and West Virginians have been getting wasted together for a long time. OK, you got me again.

Beastiality? Tennessee but that's only *illegal* sex with animals…its perfectly legal in Wyoming, New Mexico aaaaaand….I dunno if we can be friends anymore, West Virginia.

Crack smokers? Check out New York and New Jersey.

People collecting welfare benefits? D.C.

Suicides? Alabama and Alaska (not sure how the suicide and murder rates in Alabama coincide).

Illiteracy? Sorry, Alabama…I know you're catching a lot of shit here.

Unemployment? Alaska.

Highest taxes? Californina.

Worst roads? Rhode Island (get it?)

Homelessness? That's a nationwide problem and statistics for it aren't very reliable. Speaking strictly from experience, I would say Ohio ranks somewhere in the middle.

Strange how Michigan doesn't appear more prominently with Detroit, isn't it? Maybe a lot of the residents moved to Toledo. That would explain a few things.

But if you made it this far and you really want to know what gives Ohio a “bad reputation”…

It's been dying for decades. Not because of politicians, not because of drugs or crime…not because of some pseudoreligious bullshit suggesting it's “moral” decay. It just can't get with the times. It's smack dab in the rust belt and it just continues to rust.

There are thousands of laid off coal miners, steel workers, auto workers and factory workers in general. A lot of these folks think these jobs are coming back. The coal miners in particular believed what Trump told them and they voted for him. Can you really blame them? It was all bullshit but they clung to hope because they were just trying to put food on the table.

In spite of my vague attempts at humor on my little list of statistics, Ohio has *plenty* of everything every other state has problems with. Welfare fraud, disability fraud, robberies, murders, drugs out the ass, a piss-poor educational system, people who can't find work, people who *refuse* to work, hospitals that are an absolute shit show, roads so bad they pucker your butthole as you traverse them, so much blatant racism that Mississippi could learn a thing or two (the least I could do for you, Alabama)….and the depressing list goes on.

Ohio, though…? Well, its a big country and its a big world…and there are plenty of worse places to live.

Thanks for reading.
